Split autoclasses on modality (#20559)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/auto.mdx

[[autodoc]] AutoProcessor

## Generic model classes

> The following `AutoClasses` are available for instantiating a base model class without a specific head.

Reviewer: Would remove the code block here as AutoClasses is not an object that exists in the lib. And I would spell it auto classes.

[[autodoc]] AutoModel

> ## TFAutoModel

Reviewer: Maybe make a 2-header to group those auto-classes, like "Generic auto classes"

### TFAutoModelForSequenceClassification

[[autodoc]] TFAutoModelForSequenceClassification

### FlaxAutoModelForSequenceClassification

[[autodoc]] FlaxAutoModelForSequenceClassification

### AutoModelForMultipleChoice

[[autodoc]] AutoModelForMultipleChoice

### TFAutoModelForMultipleChoice

[[autodoc]] TFAutoModelForMultipleChoice

### FlaxAutoModelForMultipleChoice

[[autodoc]] FlaxAutoModelForMultipleChoice

### AutoModelForNextSentencePrediction

[[autodoc]] AutoModelForNextSentencePrediction

### TFAutoModelForNextSentencePrediction

[[autodoc]] TFAutoModelForNextSentencePrediction

### FlaxAutoModelForNextSentencePrediction

[[autodoc]] FlaxAutoModelForNextSentencePrediction

### AutoModelForTokenClassification

[[autodoc]] AutoModelForTokenClassification

### TFAutoModelForTokenClassification

[[autodoc]] TFAutoModelForTokenClassification

### FlaxAutoModelForTokenClassification

[[autodoc]] FlaxAutoModelForTokenClassification

### AutoModelForQuestionAnswering

[[autodoc]] AutoModelForQuestionAnswering

### TFAutoModelForQuestionAnswering

[[autodoc]] TFAutoModelForQuestionAnswering

### FlaxAutoModelForQuestionAnswering

[[autodoc]] FlaxAutoModelForQuestionAnswering

> ### AutoModelForTableQuestionAnswering

Reviewer: This one could be in multi-modal more than NLP. It does receive the table as text, but it doesn't accept generic texts.

[[autodoc]] AutoModelForTableQuestionAnswering

### TFAutoModelForTableQuestionAnswering

[[autodoc]] TFAutoModelForTableQuestionAnswering

## Computer vision

> [`AutoModel`], [`TFAutoModel`], and [`FlaxAutoModel`] are available for the following computer vision tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following auto-classes are available for computer vision tasks.
```

[[autodoc]] AutoModelForVideoClassification

### AutoModelForMaskedImageModeling

[[autodoc]] AutoModelForMaskedImageModeling

### AutoModelForObjectDetection

[[autodoc]] AutoModelForObjectDetection

### AutoModelForImageSegmentation

[[autodoc]] AutoModelForImageSegmentation

### AutoModelForSemanticSegmentation

[[autodoc]] AutoModelForSemanticSegmentation

### TFAutoModelForSemanticSegmentation

[[autodoc]] TFAutoModelForSemanticSegmentation

### AutoModelForInstanceSegmentation

[[autodoc]] AutoModelForInstanceSegmentation

### AutoModelForZeroShotObjectDetection

[[autodoc]] AutoModelForZeroShotObjectDetection

## Audio

[`AutoModel`] and [`TFAutoModel`] are available for the following audio tasks.

### AutoModelForAudioClassification

[[autodoc]] AutoModelForAudioClassification

### AutoModelForAudioFrameClassification

[[autodoc]] AutoModelForAudioFrameClassification

### AutoModelForCTC

[[autodoc]] AutoModelForCTC

### AutoModelForSpeechSeq2Seq

[[autodoc]] AutoModelForSpeechSeq2Seq

### TFAutoModelForSpeechSeq2Seq

[[autodoc]] TFAutoModelForSpeechSeq2Seq

### AutoModelForAudioXVector

[[autodoc]] AutoModelForAudioXVector

## Multimodal

> [`AutoModel`], [`TFAutoModel`], and [`FlaxAutoModel`] are available for the following multimodal tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following auto-classes are available for multimodal tasks.
```
